oh excuse me
oh good eye hey gallon more times des
but we might scold me Dazza I'm just
here to talk about me little Mike bears
actually cuz pickle me grandma the silly
all bug is gone bloody missin your hair
look bears just vanished what a fart in
a fan Factory you know and I'm a little
pissed off about it actually yeah seeing
the blood is still owed me a six-pack
but yeah no one knows what happened to
the little bastard um well I got a few
ideas
you see bears used to love his sport now
while I'm happy to blow the froth off a
few colonies and watch it on the telly
bears fancied himself as a bit of an
athlete if you're gonna be playing
full-contact sport you're gonna be able
to take it
maybe bears just wasn't up to it
[Music]
uh-huh and then there's Baz a sense of
direction geez there's pretty bloody
useless Oh bitch of 50 bucks buzzers
headed straight past the black stump
into toad poppers run all totes you know
that's dangerous territory most people
do know that the Bears yeah yeah that's
where he's ended up
he'd better like pancakes geez that's a
bad way to go
of course there is one other thing we
totes come across around these parts a
real mean bastard built like a brick
shithouse with teeth that could rip up
like inside out you know I call him
Victor
look if bass wasn't careful
big Victor it'd be all over and like
flies shit you'd only have the time it
takes to shotgun a teeny before his ass
[Music]
Oh pass but then folks around here they
reckon I don't know one end of the dog's
bowl from another and I could be right
anything could have happened the Bears I
know that I'm not stupid but but bears
if you are out there somewhere come back
mate
[Music]